Writing Task 3
> When new towns are planned, it is more important to build public parks or sports facilities than shopping centers for people to spend their free time. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

People are constantly trading off when it comes to the placement of a new town. Facing a quandary of building more public parks and sports facilities, or shopping centers, opinions fissure. From my perspective, we should keep it in a perfect balance.

Building public parks has numerous benefits, among which the most perspicuous one is that it provides more places for people to relax and recuperate while off duty. Imagine wandering through trees in a park, indulgently taking in oxygen released by surrounding plants, your uptight emotions from trifling matters of work or everyday life can be easily obliterated, the level of happiness dramatically enhanced. Accessible sports facilities are also crucial, especially for well-beings of children, both physiologically and psychologically. If children are able to play soccer for one hour after school utilizing offered soccer fields, not only can their muscles and bones be strengthened, they can also hone their grits and promote consciousness of competition and collaboration, as opposed to being lethargic and enervated of homework. 

However, we can never neglect the power of business: shopping centers are indispensable to a modern town. They are magnetic to investors and population, and local governments can therefore increase their fiscal revenue. With a surplus budget, manifold public services and goods from the governments become available to average residents including more substantial medical subsidies, which is an extremely important part of citizen's welfare. Additionally, shopping centers are also viewed as sites for socializing. They gather people with similar interests and needs together and allow them to communicate with each other. For example, an large scale Apple store can attract hundreds of fanatical digital devotees and let them together venerate technological innovation and esthetics of the design of those electronic products, from which they can make more friends. 

In conclusion, while planning a new town, we cannot emphasize too much about the reasonable distribution of the numbers of public parks and sports facilities versus shopping centers, making sure things are running in a benign cycle.