# Writing Task 2

> Many people believe that the human society has developed into a throw-away society, which is filled with plastic bags and rubbish. What are the causes and solutions?


It is believed that our society is being saturated with disposable products such as plastic bags, most of which become rubbish ultimately. The causes can be multi-dimensional, and indeed it is our responsibility to ameliorate the consequences it has brought about. 

As a prerequisite, modern organic chemistry has made it possible to manufacture a myriad of artificial materials, remarkably reducing the cost simultaneously. Based on that, thanks to Adam Smith's "Invisible Hand", which has inspired capitalists to deploy factories to undeveloped yet populated countries, letting them successfully leverage their "relative advantages" such as surplus supply of labor force, the scale of production has been further expanded. Last but not least, it might be imputed to the grim aspect of capitalism, which seems to have an overwhelming ability to ignite the avaricious nature of human beings. Under the framework of what we call "consumerism", we are being cultivated to constantly purchase new things and therefore throw away old ones in a nonchalant manner. The virtue of thrifty is diminishing.

Accordingly, we can come up with several solutions. First and foremost, we should encourage recycling and even make it compulsory. For example, in Japan, failing to properly classify rubbish in compliance with their extremely stringent rules is utterly illegal. A policy as such is worth promoting. In addition, governments can offer subsidies to enterprises that produce goods with biodegradable materials, and, conversely, impose extra taxes on those which don't. It is also vital to raise the awareness of average consumers about the sources of the products, so that they would intentionally choose those made of environmentally friendly materials. Equally importantly, what we should bear in mind is that time cannot wither the laudable feature of prudence. Thus before buying anything, we are always obliged to question the necessity of it. In colloquial, do we really need it, or can it be replaced by something we already have? By making ostensibly trivial efforts like this, I believe, we can radically chill down our furiously growing appetite of consumption.

To conclude, as our society has developed into a throw-away society with multitudinous reasons behind the scenes, it is urgent that we dope out more solutions and genuinely roll up our sleeves to practice them. 